README.md, before:

# Whatsapp Clone

A clone of the popular social media app with some added functionalities. This project was created by the newsHive group as part of the learning process

# ✏️ Design File

https://www.figma.com/file/6v8pxl0vQdZ3F8TsJLmYDy/whatsapp-ui?node-id=0%3A1&t=O02xwSJkvTz68bKk-3

# ⚒️ Technologies Used

- React
- NextJS
- Tailwind

# 👇 Prerequisites

Make sure you have the following installed before making a contribution

- Git
- NodeJS
- Vs code

# 🛠️ Contribution guidelines

1. Clone the project using the command:
   `git clone https://github.com/iampitrus/whatsapp-clone.git`
2. Navigate to the project directory using:
   `cd whatsapp-clone`
3. Install the Dependencies using:
   `npm install or yarn install`
4. Switch to the develop branch using using:
   `git checkout develop`
5. Run the project locally
   `npm run dev or yarn dev`
6. Start Building

- Note: You can see your current working branch at the bottom left corner in vscode
- As a newbie, familiar with just html and css, simply open the staging folder and create a folder naming it according to the template you want to add and simply add your files there

# When Done Contributing

1. Add to Stage using:
   `git add .`
2. Commit changes using:
   `git commit -m 'enter-commit-message-here'`
3. Push your changes using:
   `git push`

Or You can simply use the Vscode in built git support for all that [Learn more](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=i_23KUAEtUM)

# ❗ Reminder

Dont forget to drop a star

Commit message:

running localhost on your mobile phone

README.md, after:

# Whatsapp Clone

A clone of the popular social media app with some added functionalities. This project was created by the newsHive group as part of the learning process

##  Design File

https://www.figma.com/file/6v8pxl0vQdZ3F8TsJLmYDy/whatsapp-ui?node-id=0%3A1&t=O02xwSJkvTz68bKk-3

## Technologies Used

- React
- NextJS
- Tailwind

## Prerequisites

Make sure you have the following installed before making a contribution

- Git
- NodeJS
- Vs code

##  Contribution guidelines

1. Clone the project using the command:
   `git clone https://github.com/iampitrus/whatsapp-clone.git`
2. Navigate to the project directory using:
   `cd whatsapp-clone`
3. Install the Dependencies using:
   `npm install or yarn install`
4. Switch to the develop branch using using:
   `git checkout develop`
5. Run the project locally
   `npm run dev or yarn dev`
6. For a better developer experience, since everything is done mobile only for the while, it's advised to also run the localhost on your mobile phone, see steps below

- Note: You can see your current working branch at the bottom left corner in vscode
- As a newbie, familiar with just html and css, simply open the staging folder and create a folder naming it according to the template you want to add and simply add your files there

## Running Localhost on Mobile

1. On your mobile hotspot and connect your PC to the hotspot
2. Go to your terminal and type `ipconfig` on windows, or `d` on mac to see the local address of your network, you'll see something like this:
![You should see this](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/66377818/208298206-b1a1e4b9-0d18-4c60-868a-317a2253c3ae.png)
3. Copy the address (IPv4 address) from your PC into your phone, which is `192.168.205.133` in my case, then add `:3000` to the last digit, then it becomes like this `192.168.205.133:3000`
4. Type the above address `192.168.205.133:3000` in your browser and enter. This should launch the localhost on your mobile phone

## When Done Contributing

1. Add to Stage using:
   `git add .`
2. Commit changes using:
   `git commit -m 'enter-commit-message-here'`
3. Push your changes using:
   `git push`

Or You can simply use the Vscode in built git support for all that [Learn more](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=i_23KUAEtUM)

## ❗ Reminder

Dont forget to drop a star
